All right welcome back my students so it's time for us to start setting up the relationship right.
So let's go to the motto here and nature of this model here.
For example if I want to remember that tag is going to be the the table that we are going to be using
to share where we're going to share the tax between pools and videos.
All right.
And we're going to do this relationship in tangible or in this model so that we're going to we've got
to give it that name later that as a parameter in lowercase But anyway so here on each of this you should
find the tax method.
All right.
So we're going to say Public Function tags.
This is the polic method called tags.
We can call it whatever we want with that's that's what it makes sense right.
And we're going to return more with buy one more with too many actually.
All right.
We're going to.
More too many.
Wow.
That tag right.
All right in day here that's where we've passed in that name of that model Tiger wall.
All right that's where you come from.
All right cool.
So now if you want to act for your
videos you come here and you do the same thing as well.
All right.
Beautiful.
And then make sure that you have your math assignment.
If you're going to create data as well.
OK.
So if you're going to create tags make sure that you have your protected
and I do this for all of them actually because I have they all have the same thing name.
That's the only thing you can modify.
Well you can modify the dress but Lauber does that updated they created of data for us so we don't need
that just in case we want to do that.
And we want to do this right.
Cool.
All right.
So we set up the relationship and I think we're good for now.
Anyway thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture.